---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Wkipedia observations: 

I found that wikiedia pages seem to have the same infrastructure throughout there pages. There is always some visual, quote, related topics at the bottom, references, important topics in bold, table of contents  in numbered ordered, and most of the time sub-topics in the table of contents. I notice that there is a talk section. I wasn't aware that there was a talk section prior to this task. You can draw many parallels when comparing github and wikipedia. There is a section, in wikipedia, really similar to the issues tab in github. This section is the discussion board. You can also draw a connection between "view history" and the different pull requests that have either been merged or closed. It was fairly hard to find a wikipedia page that had not been filtered through a lot of edits. Nonetheless, I did end up finding two pages that had pretty obvious grammatical mistakes.


## Why to Report Bugs:

I found this story really complelling and uniquely interesting. The very irony of a person not taking initiative because of some inate fear of being shunned down. It is immensely better to report an issue or a bug than to pass the baton to someone else. Everyone should take the initiative, regardless of being wrong or redundant. On another note, I also found interesting that someone other than the developer caught the issue. It goes to show that 2 heads are indeed better than 1. It is much harder to catch ones mistakes and easier to catch others. Everyone has a different level of expertise and outlook, which is immensely beneficial when overlooking someone else's project. I do mean everyone, as every person has a unique and distinct perspective. An open source project is like a living organism, that needs proper mantainment. Contributors,debuggers,users are equally as important as the mantainers or developers.


## Visit by Kevin Fleming:

Something that was really captivating and unexpected was when Kevin Fleming detailed the story about there being a shutdown. What was unexpected was the reaction of all of the people that were dependent on the software at hand. Its impact was more visible than what they had previously thought. It was an eye opening moment. On a more personal note his talk resonated with some of my ambitions and personal goals. The software that he deals with conncects both finance and tech in one platform. I am currently majoring in computer science and economics. Hearing about both topics, in the same room, was extremely pleasing.I wanted to major in economics to have some background, in business, which I could possibly extract in the future. One of my dreams, for the future, is to start my own startup. Currently I am very far from this dream, but it was refreshing to see a different alternative that involved both business and the tech world. However, I am definitely more lineant towards computer science even as a kid. His talk definitely cemented my understanding that open source is crucial, beneficial, and where the future is at. It was also really nice to know that he was really passsionate about open source as well as coding. The fact that he works on some open source projects, on his free time, is a clear indicator of his love for open source. 

 ## Blog Recap :
 
I was really bummed to find out that two of the issues, that I have been working on, had closed in that past week. I was definitely not expecting it and it definitely shifted my perspective for future contributions to this open source project.I am going to actively look for an issue and claim it, as soon as possible, by asking if it would be okay to work on it. I also realized that I need to be faster. I have to be able to analyze, design, document, debug, and test faster than before.  To be able to contribute, in this sense, I have to study Javascript religiously. I have to derive questions and use all the resources online as best as possible. This is a fairly new language and to be quite honest I am not use to it. Practice makes perfect.I want to get to the point where I can document and debug super quick. The enviornment in freeCodeCamp is really competitive and in order to get some edge I need to be ahead of the game. I need to be more prepared. Possibly purchase courses online or possibly bother people that are fluent in Javascript. Only in practice will I be able to sucessfully document, debug, and merge an issue. I can see that now. Node.js, react.js, and redux are different, than what i'm used to, but not impossible. The issue that I was able to document before it closed was [Issue #1: Unsuscribe Link not working](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/38322). My documentation of this issue [Unsubscribed.js DOC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CO7KvodIcdPpZMvbTfXjLU8HPp3aF-C0y24DzXU0a_c/edit), follows a style guide that I personally made and works for me [Style Guide!!](/../../tree/gh-pages/images/style.png). One of the harder documentations I have done is [Login.js DOC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UbjIgCASSthzxmysu9m4hR-Q59JcBA1MaRfndurNQv0/edit?usp=sharing). I did not have any understanding of react or redux. I vigurously searched the web for a much richer understanding of the functions at hand. However, I ran into some walls. I decided to change my approach. I went around texting different close friends, in computer science, and eventually one of my close friends connected me with someone who had done Javascript for years. "When there is a will, there is a way". I explained some of the walls I ran into and confusions I had with react,redux, as well as node.js. I learned more from him in 10 minutes, than I did with hours of searching and trying to connect the dots on my own. I am extremely grateful for his input and helping me understand in greater detail. I could finally scope out and visualize the bigger picture, and begin to debug, as I began to develop a fundamental understanding of the functions themselves.While I was documenting I found some redundencies and a possible conflict that might resolve [Issue #1: Can't login for the last few days ](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37457). However, this issue was locked by the developers themselves. I created an issue, as a workaround, and demonstrated my documentation of their API and the possible [bug](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UbjIgCASSthzxmysu9m4hR-Q59JcBA1MaRfndurNQv0/edit?usp=sharing) that might be conflicting with this login issue.I also created a pull request as an alternative to fix this potential bug. However, when trying to submit the pull request I wasn't able to commit successfully.I was missing a few plug-ins in jsx. Once I ran "npm i eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y@latest --save-dev" into the modules section of freeCodeCamp I was able to commit successfully.I then submitted a [pull request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RNTcNcZDpiveoULB8ejGS8dBnGZYrhF4xpmlaAJ4Nv4/edit?usp=sharing). As of right now, it is awaiting for approval from one more reviewer! I only hope that it pays off with a successful merge. If not now, then later. I know that feeling of success will make all the difference in the world. All of the hours put in and failed pull requests will be worth it. I sincerely hope it is approve. But I understand that failing is just a step to success. 



&nbsp;   &nbsp;   &nbsp;   &nbsp;   &nbsp;  
 
  
## Documentation Guide:   [Style Guide!! (a brief look into commenting) ](/../../tree/gh-pages/images/style.png)

&nbsp;   &nbsp;   &nbsp;   &nbsp;   &nbsp;  


## Issues in Depth (updated as of March 29, 2020):
  
 **A few of these issues are:** 
    
Issues| Analysis | Design/Ideas? |Pathway(s)/Scripts | Documentation 
|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|[Issue #1: Can't login for the last few days ](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37457)|Code for redirection might be at fault, some unmet edge cases, or something wrong with importing. | Testing whether it is an import  problem or a redirection problem.| [login.js](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A5IZmCnEVrGd2PX6qWgL2Ojxrm6OVnexnEa3FMyHR7o/edit?usp=sharing)| [ FIRST DOC: Login.js](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XKSdbVsSYx3Fs9yNN044zCTVxXg6f7X2vn8I5cVQpWc/edit?usp=sharing)
|[Issue #2: Need to allow to use helper functions for the recursive challenges](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37868) | A bug that doesn't allow helper functions to be used for recursive challenges|Some set of instructions that detect whether or not the user is using a helper function or not. A different sequence of instructions depending on what the user uses. |[use-recursion-to-create-a-countdown.english.md](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14O3R5eJ9QVXHUSJUUN9pu1ZiiaqGdCN_W_fjyG81lwE/edit?usp=sharing)|use-recursion DOC
|[Issue #3: Testing non-english challenges](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/34641) | There seems to be some ambiguity on the access of languages. In some places languages are specified, while in others they arent.|Format everything universally there should be a constant/similar format for language declaration throughout.|[test-challenges.js](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W4agw8oMxi2prBTu3jzAvG9_177N5Ww_TbobHKeS0w8/edit?usp=sharing) |test-challenges DOC
|[Issue #4: Allow username display to be case-insensitive](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/35525) | Conditions might not be sufficent to meet case-insensitive standards| Implement a case where a user could have lowercase or uppercase usernames. The computer has to essentially treat lowercase and uppercase the same way. They should be indistinguishable to the computer.|[Username.js](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cATdhx17DMxEOSBq_rRYzIerwy97G05tFedbsS9g_l8/edit?usp=sharing) |Username.js DOC


### Current Time-Table (Updated as of March 22,2020):

 Date| Small description 
|---|:---|
| 3/05/2020 | Picked out freeCodeCamp as the Open Source Software Development Project |
| 3/09/2020 | Installed development platform | 
| 3/15/2020 | Reviewed issues (Analyzed and designed issues)|
| 3/22/2020 | Analyzed code that was written / Learned a bit of Javascript|
| 3/29/2020 | Documented my first Javascript code from freeCodeCamp's API / Created an [issue](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UbjIgCASSthzxmysu9m4hR-Q59JcBA1MaRfndurNQv0/edit?usp=sharing) / and submitted my first [pull request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RNTcNcZDpiveoULB8ejGS8dBnGZYrhF4xpmlaAJ4Nv4/edit?usp=sharing)!!
   
**Future goals:**

[**********] = Fully Completed           |           [**........] = Partially completed

- [**********] Install the project 
- [*****.....] Learn Javascript (New language)
- [**********] Submitted First Issue!!!
- [**********] Submitted First Pull Request!!
- [****......] Analyze and Design issues.
- [****......] Analyzed code
- [****......] Document code
- [****......] Start creating scripts based off of issues.
- [****......] Debug scripts 
- [****......] Test scripts locally
- [****......] Modify and edit scripts based off of the API
- [****......] Final rundown to implement (make sure everything is in good condition)
- [****......] Push edits to Master branch 
- [****......] Documents all steps 


### Contributions/Miscellaneous: 

I added a [Starbucks Coffee Shop](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/83015029) on open street maps, and contributed to two wikipedia blogs [Big O Notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Big_O_notation&oldid=948825518) and [Abstract Data Type](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Abstract_data_type&oldid=948827345). 

