---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
    Some of the various ways I would like to contribute to an open source project would be to contribute to the code itself,
  review other contributor’s code and lastly document the project each step of the way. Contributing to the code directly by
  adding a specific feature or dealing with a specific problem. Reviewing code and attempting to see some underlying bugs that
  other contributors could have possibly missed. Documenting the project by  labeling every step of the way, so as to keep
  everything organized and more digestible to the reader. 
 
 **1.FOSS Benefits to Your Skills**
  
   One benefit in collaborating with a team in FOSS, is that it can greatly enhance your network of people. Having a greater
  network, or reach, can prove to be beneficial for future projects for both FOSS and not FOSS. Perhaps you might need a
  contributor for a future project that you are working on, and you decide to seek help from a contributor that you have
  worked for in the past. Nevertheless, contributors could also help you tackle problems differently by sharing their
  intuitive sense. Contributors can help you think intuitively. The idea of building on another’s person work is something
  incredible. Reviewing other contributors' code could also help you in problem solving and essentially help you tackle
  problems at a different angle. Perhaps one that you might not be essentially used to.   

**2. FOSS Benefits to Your Career**
 
   Although, you cannot share FOSS code to your prospective employer as your own.	Your contributions won’t go unnoticed, since
  it demonstrates your ability to work in a group setting and demonstrates your willingness to contribute to FOSS. It also
  develops many skills that could further your career, communication skills, teamwork, efficient and beautiful code,
  debugging, documentation, etc.. It could also better prepare you for the type of setting you would normally see in the tech
  industry. 
  
  **3.FOSS Benefits to Your Personal Network**
  
   Contributing to a FOSS project will connect you with other people that are also working on FOSS projects and enhance your
  personal network. Connecting with other contributors, can help you in the long run when developing projects of your own or
  other FOSS projects. Another pair of eyes on a project in development, is better, as they can catch bugs that you might have
  missed or contribute their own ideas or help in the development of a project. Essentially, expanding your personal network 
  can prove to be beneficial for both parties. 
  
  **4.Benefits from Preparation**
  
   It definitely prepares you for the real world, as many tech companies resemble FOSS. It develops technological skills,
  communication skills, and documenting skills that could be brought over to other FOSS projects or company driven projects. 
