---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## Project Selection: FreeCodeCamp

Installation Process: 
   In order to run this project, I had to download node.js,npm, and MongoDB community server. The downloading process was pretty smooth for node.js and npm. However, it was very difficult for downloading and running MongoDB community server. In order to download MongoDB community server, you first need to download, Homebrew for your MacOS terminal. I tried to familiarize myself with the different commands for Homebrew using a command cheat sheet [Homebrew Commands](https://devhints.io/homebrew).Once Homebrew was installed[Homewbrew Installation](https://brew.sh/#install) and I familiarized myself with the different commands. I launched MongoDB community server. However the MongoDB community server website[MongoDB community server website](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-os-x/), wasn't specifically explicit on how to use brew to install and launch MongoDB. After some research, I found a website which, in my opinion, explained it in better detail [installation of Mongod](https://treehouse.github.io/installation-guides/mac/mongo-mac.html). I then familiarized myself with MongoDB to prevent any future errors.[MongodDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/mongo-shell/)After finally installing MongodDb, what was left was installing the NPM dependencies. Once this was completed, I seeded the database and successfully ran the developer environment on my web browser!! It was a very thrilling moment for me, as everything finally came together and the past few hours were all worth it.
Other files that I've read, other than the ones I've linked above, are [The Installation process for setting it up locally](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md), [The contribution guidelines](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md), and [The code of conduct](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/code-of-conduct/). 

## Issues considering:
   Some of the various issues that i'm considering are issues that I could see myself implementing, as well as issues that I would like to learn more on for future OSSD projects.   
 **A few of these issues are:**

1. "Unsuscribe Link not working" issue number "#38322" opened March 9, 2020 by povilasraciunas.   
2. "Need to allow users to use helper functions for the recursive challenges" issue number "#37868" opened on Dec 3, 2019 by RandellDawson.
3. "Testing non-english challenges" issue number "#34641" opened on Dec 11, 2018 by lynxlynxlynx
4. "Allow username display to be case-insensitive" issue number "#35525" opened on Mar 6, 2019 by raisedadead
5. "Hash Table challenge test case" issue number "#38049" opened on Jan 10 by hisergiorojas

### Current Time-Table:

 Date| Small description 
|---|:---|
| 3/05/2020 | Picked out freeCodeCamp as the Open Source Software Development Project |
| 3/09/2020 | Installed development platform | 
   
**Future goals:**

[**********] = Fully Completed | [**........] = Partially completed

- [**********] Install the project 
- [***......] Refresh on javascript
- [..........] Modify and edit scripts based off of issues
- [..........] Push edits to upstream 
- [**........] Document all steps


### Contributions/Miscellaneous:
   I signed up on the projects interface as well as the contributing chat! I will now be able to communicate with other contributors in freeCodeCamp. 
   I forked, cloned, and edited eoijreoij repository. As well as contributed to open street map and updated the contributon section on my github. 




