---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## Initial thoughts on Open Source is Not About You
  Some main points that i thought were really captivating about her perspective on open software many detailed independcy and the openness of working on an open source software project. Not having strings attatched is the center point throughout the article. I really like how he expresses this passive/aggressive tone to detail the certain gaps and misinterpertations of what open source software is. He details it in such a way where it is very raw and logical. He expresses it as, "Open source is a licensing and delivery mechanism ". There is no obligation on any contributor whatsoever nor responsibilities. What I also liked about this reading was his expression on this false communal infrastucture obligation that has been built. The very mechanisms revoving around open software he expresses will in no doubt free the very seeded misconceptions and turn any pre-existing notions.

## Wiki Research:


## Issues in Depth:
  
 **A few of these issues are:**

Issues| Analysis | Design/Ideas? 
|---|---|:---|
|[Issue #1: Unsuscribe Link not working](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/38322)| | |
|[Issue #2: Need to allow to use helper functions for the recursive challenges](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37868) | | |
|[Issue #3: Testing non-english challenges](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/34641) | | |
|[Issue #4: Allow username display to be case-insensitive](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/35525) | | |
|[Issue #5: Hash Table challenge test case](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/38049) | | |


### Current Time-Table (Updated as of March 15,2020):

 Date| Small description 
|---|:---|
| 3/05/2020 | Picked out freeCodeCamp as the Open Source Software Development Project |
| 3/09/2020 | Installed development platform | 
| 3/15/2020 | Reviewed issues (Analyzed and designed code)|
   
**Future goals:**

[**********] = Fully Completed | [**........] = Partially completed

- [**********] Install the project 
- [********..] Analyzed and Designed code.
- [***......] Refresh on javascript
- [..........] Tests edited scripts
- [..........] Debug scripts 
- [..........] Modify and edit scripts based off of issues
- [..........] Push edits to upstream 
- [***.......] Documents all steps 


### Contributions/Miscellaneous:
   


