---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## What skills do I have that would be useful for contributing to a FOSS project?
  
  
1. Writing background for documentation,(I was lucky enough to attend Bard High School Early College and grow a strong
foundation overall in humanities).

2. Passionate about coding. I love efficiency and finding new creative ways to solve problems.

3. Web development skills in HTML and CSS. 

4. Programming languages, include C++, Perl, very light Java. 

5. Familiarity with Linux/Ubuntu. 

6. Can read, write, and communicate in two languages both English and Spanish. 

7. Critical/creative thinker.



## What things are the most interesting to me? I.e., what do I enjoy doing?


1. I love listening to motivational and inspirational speakers. ( Inky Johnson!! , Eric Thomas, Les Brown... etc.)

2. Watching science fiction movies or tv shows. (ie. The Flash, The Giver... etc. ) 

3. I am very interested in startups and businesses that revolve around technology.

4. Reading, writing, and understanding code. 

5. Fixing cars, bikes, and biking. 

6. I love playing specific songs on the piano.


## Contributions Section:

  I added a restaurant, a fast-food place, a house, and a supermarket on Openstreet maps. I have also gone ahead and started to look for open-source pages on github that I could possibly work on. After some extensive research I came across 2 open source software projects, that sound interesting to work on. The first one is called "Hydrogen", [link](https://github.com/hydrogen-music/hydrogen) it is C++ friendly and has a variety of issues to resolve. "Hydrogen" aims to create an advanced drum machine. The second one that caught my eye is [link](https://github.com/polybar/polybar). "Polybar" strives to create a user friendly and customizeable toolbar.
 

