---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### Project Evaluation Recap:

  I think the hardest part of the project evaluation that I did in class, was the searching. It was very tedious to look for files in the program. There were many nested folders, some containing more folders, if not more files. It made the process to look for essential documents like the source code more difficult. Most of this was in part of the lack of organization. However, I did learn a lot in part of what makes a good project. Activity is everything. If the project is constantly being imporved and nurtured then it makes it easier for a person to have a discussion and be fed feedback. There are some downsides to have a really active project. The project could become really messy and disorganized, harder to mantain, and defintely have merge conflicts. However, if handled properly an active project can result in something amazing. I firmly believe that Opencv has the potential to become one of those great projects. I am very interested in computer vision, as it has limiltless applications, and its fairly new. My first choice to work on would be OpenCv. 

### Top Three Projects:

1. Polybar
2. OpenCv
3. Codezilla.

### Contributions/Miscellaneous:

I forked,cloned,edited,pushed,and pulled K5810_weekly's blog. I have also looked more in depth at the top three projects to fully comprehend what i'm getting into. I tried running OpenCv, but keep running to an error. I might have to download some other tool to get it to fully work. 


